This game was created by Tanooj Kanike.

In order to play the game, download the Olympic_Run_Play.zip.zip file. 
Unzip the folder and then open the application file (".exe") not the ".pck" file.
Make sure that the application and the .pck file are in the same folder at all times.

The scripts folder contains all the code written by Tanooj Kanike using GDScript.
GDScript is a unique language used exclusively to program in the Godot gaming engine.

Upon seeing the HUNDREDS of THOUSANDS of lines of code, program evaluators might be inclined to think that it could not have all been completed within two weeks. However, it can be seen that majority of the code
is a 2D array containing MANY numbers. These numbers are the position co-ordinates of opponents at each time frame. These numbers were generated by Tanooj as he raced on the track and printed out his own co-ordinates at
each frame onto the console. He then copied the co-ordinates in an array so that the opponent follows the exact
same path. Indeed, it is inefficient but it works.

All assets were found open-source and free to use. This includes the fonts, 3D textures, and sounds.
They can be found in the assets folder.

The scenes folder consists of Godot scenes and code created by the gaming engine, not the programmer.

Warning: Volume may be a bit loud, but you can turn it down.
Mouse sensitivity can be adjusted in the settings.

The game is not meant to be played in full-screen and can not be paused
as it was tested to be worse for user-experience.
